docs: getting started with branch planner (#784)
weaveworks/tf-controller: docs/branch_based_planner/getting-started.md

> # Getting Started With Branch Planner

Reviewer: We'll have a "what Branch Planner is and why you should care" page, right? Connecting the pages would be a good idea; on this one, a line with the link would be enough.

Reviewer: Could copy-paste much of what's here already: https://github.com/weaveworks/tf-controller/issues/527

Author: I don't know if we'll have a page or not, I assume yes, but I had no intention to add that into this document. I think a separate "Introduction to Branch Planner" doc can link to this doc as "next step".

> If the Branch Planner is enabled through Helm values, the Branch Planner will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Branch Planner is enabled through Helm values, it will
```

watch all configured Terraform resources, check their referenced Source, and

> polls for Pull Requests using GitHub's API with the provided token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
poll for Pull Requests using GitHub's API plus the provided token.
```

Reviewer: "along with" could be an option to "plus"

> When an open Pull Request is detected, the Branch Planner creates a new or
> updates an existing Terraform object with Plan Only mode from the original
> Terraform object.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Branch Planner detects an open Pull Request, it either creates a new Terraform object or
updates an existing one, applying Plan Only mode from the original
Terraform object.

```

Reviewer: I had a little trouble parsing this part but hopefully interpreted correctly?

Author: This version sounds better, but as I read I would assume it applies the Plan Only mode on the original Terraform object. It creates a clone of the original object and applies plan only mode on it, but it does not change anything on the original object.

Maybe "applying Plan Only mode based on the original Terraform object", idk :/

Reviewer: "based on" +1

> When a Plan Output is available, the Branch Planner creates a new comment under

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a Plan Output becomes available, the Branch Planner creates a new comment under
```

> the Pull Request with the content of the Plan Output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Pull Request with the content of the Plan Output included.
```

> ## Pre-requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

1. Flux is installed on the cluster.

> 2. GitHub [API token](./least-required-permissions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A GitHub [API token](./least-required-permissions.md).
```

> 3. Knowledge about GitOps Terraform Controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Knowledge about GitOps Terraform Controller [(see docs)](https://weaveworks.github.io/tf-controller/).
```

## Configure Branch Planner

Branch Planner uses a ConfigMap as configuration. By default it's looking for a

> `barnch-planner` ConfigMap in the same namespace as the `tf-controller` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`branch-planner` ConfigMap in the same namespace as where the `tf-controller` is
```

installed.

The ConfigMap has two fields:

> 1. `secretName` that contains the API token to access GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `secretName`, which contains the API token to access GitHub.
```

> 2. `resources` that defined a list of resources to watch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `resources`, which defines a list of resources to watch.
```

```yaml
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:

>   name: branch-planner

Author: done.

data:
  secretName: branch-planner-token
  resources: |-
    - namespace: terraform
```

### Secret

> Branch Planner uses the referenced Secret with a `token` field to acquire the
> API token to fetch Pull Request information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Branch Planner uses the referenced Secret with a `token` field that acquires the
API token to fetch Pull Request information.
```

```bash
kubectl create secret generic branch-planner-token \
    --namespace=flux-system \
    --from-literal="token=${GITHUB_TOKEN}"
```

### Resources

> If the `resources` list is empty, nothing will be watched. Resource definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `resources` list is empty, nothing will be watched. The resource definition
```

can be exact or namespace-wide.

> With the following configuration file, all Terraform objects will be watched in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the following configuration file, the Branch Planner will watch all Terraform objects in
```

> the `terraform` namespace, and `exact-terraform-object` Terraform object in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `terraform` namespace, and the `exact-terraform-object` Terraform object in
```
